docs: specifcation ethereum proxy contract (#134)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/advanced-logic/specs/payment-network-eth-proxy-contract-0.1.0-DRAFT.md

# Payment Network - Ethereum - proxy contract

You may be interested in this document if:

- you want to create your own implementation of the Request protocol
- you are curious enough to dive and see what is under the hood of the Request protocol

> Prerequisite: Having read the advanced logic specification (see [here](./advanced-logic-specs-0.1.0-DRAFT.md)).

Reviewer: Haven't checked but I believe the DRAFT have been removed

## Description

> This extension allows the payments and the refunds to be made in Ethereum tokens on the Ethereum blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows the payments and the refunds to be made in ethers on the Ethereum blockchain.
```

> The payment is made through a proxy contract. This proxy contract does the Ethereum token transfer on behalf of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payment is made through a proxy contract. This proxy contract performs the transfer of ethers on behalf of
```

the user. The contract ensures a link between an Ethereum transfer and a request through a `paymentReference`.
This `paymentReference` consists of the last 8 bytes of a salted hash of the requestId: `last8Bytes(hash(lowercase(requestId + salt + address)))`:

- `requestId` is the id of the request
- `salt` is a random number with at least 8 bytes of randomness. It must be unique to each request
- `address` is the payment address for payments, the refund address for refunds
- `lowercase()` transforms all characters to lowercase
- `hash()` is a keccak256 hash function
- `last8Bytes()` take the last 8 bytes

As a payment network, this extension allows to deduce a payment `balance` for the request. (see
[Interpretation](#Interpretation))

## Contract

The contract contains one function called `transferWithReference` which takes 2 arguments:

- `to` is the destination address
- `paymentReference` is the reference data used to track the transfer (see `paymentReference`)

The `TransferWithReference` event is emitted when the tokens are transfered. This event contains the same 2 arguments as the `transferWithReference` function plus the `amount` of ethereum sent.

> [See smart contract source](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/src/contracts/EthereumProxy.sol)

Reviewer 2: 404 for: https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/src/contracts/EthereumProxy.sol

Author: Good point, The file is coming with the next PR.

| **version**                   | String | Constant value: "0.1.0"                 | **Mandatory** |
| **parameters**                | Object |                                         |               |
| **parameters.salt**           | String | Salt for the request                    | **Mandatory** |
| **parameters.paymentAddress** | String | Ethereum address for the payment        | Optional      |
| **parameters.refundAddress**  | String | Ethereum address for the refund         | Optional      |

#### Conditions

This action is valid if:

- The `salt` is not empty and long enough (8 bytes of randomness minimum).
- The `currency.type` is Ethereum.

#### Warnings

This action must trigger the warnings:

| Warning                                 | Condition                                                   |
| --------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| "paymentAddress is given by the payer"  | If `signer` is the payer **and** `paymentAddress` is given  |
| "refundAddress is given by the payee"   | If `signer` is the payee **and** `refundAddress` is given   |

> Note: These warnings are necessary to highlight to avoid attempts of fake payments and refunds. For example, a payer could create a request using as the payment address one of his own addresses. A system could interpret a transaction to this address as a payment while the payee did not receive the funds.

Reviewer 3: to highlight to avoid => to avoid
